fellowship.md, before:

---
layout: post
title: "Fellowship"
author: "R. Trinkler"
permalink: /fellowship/
---

## Purpose

The _Trinkler Fellowship_ is a grant of CHF 50'000 to financially free up autodidacts, free thinkers and dreamers for a duration of one year to let them build what they _have_ to build.

## Mission

Many decision that we took as a society were based on the _assumption_ that future generations would improve on or fix existing problems. However the current educational system often produces a _clone-like_ mindset rather than _kind and emphatic, creative contrarians capable of questioning the way things are done_.

Our mission is to financial free up those for a year that would rather create world-changing technology than sitting in a classroom or cubicle.

## Vision

In a time of information abundance, the memory-based educational system has become outdated. It's time that we _iterate_ to something more sensible.


## Apply

Trinkler Fellowship is focused on young (`<25years`) people from Europe. We have a special affinity for open-source coders and university dropouts ❤.

To apply for a _Fellowship_ send us an email:
<a href="mailto:apply@trinkler.sh?Subject=Application%20Trinkler%20Fellowship" target="_top">apply@trinkler.sh</a>. With information about yourself and what you would like to build.

Thanks for reading!

Commit message:

Application deadline for the two fellows of 2019

fellowship.md, after:

---
layout: post
title: "Fellowship"
author: "R. Trinkler"
permalink: /fellowship/
---

## Purpose

The _Trinkler Fellowship_ is a grant of CHF 50'000 to financially free up autodidacts, free thinkers and dreamers for a duration of one year to let them build what they _have_ to build. We aim to have two Fellows for the class of 2019.

## Mission

Many decision that we took as a society were based on the _assumption_ that future generations would improve on or fix existing problems. However the current educational system often produces a _clone-like_ mindset rather than _kind and emphatic, creative contrarians capable of questioning the way things are done_.

Our mission is to financial free up those for a year that would rather create world-changing technology than sitting in a classroom or cubicle.

## Vision

In a time of information abundance, the memory-based educational system has become outdated. It's time that we _iterate_ to something more sensible.


## Apply

Trinkler Fellowship is focused on young (`<25years`) people from Europe. We have a special affinity for open-source coders and university dropouts ❤.

To apply for a _Fellowship_ send us an email:
<a href="mailto:apply@trinkler.sh?Subject=Application%20Trinkler%20Fellowship" target="_top">apply@trinkler.sh</a>. With information about yourself and what you would like to build.

Application deadline is December 31st 2018.

Thanks for reading!
