projects.md, before:

---
layout: post
title: "Projects"
author: "R. Trinkler"
permalink: /projects/
---

## Alexandria

The [Library of Alexandria](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Library_of_Alexandria) in [Alexandria, Egypt](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexandria,_Egypt "Alexandria, Egypt"), was one of the largest and most significant [libraries of the ancient world](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_libraries_in_the_ancient_world "List of libraries in the ancient world"). Alexandria was considered the capital of knowledge and learning, in part because of the Great Library. The library was part of a larger research institution called the [Musaeum of Alexandria](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Musaeum "Musaeum"), where many of the most famous thinkers of the ancient world studied.

The burning of the Library of Alexandria, including the incalculable loss of ancient works, has become a symbol of the irretrievable loss of public knowledge.

The Trinkler Github repository [Alexandria](https://github.com/Trinkler/alexandria) is an attempt to rebuild a digital version of this library for everything blockchain related.

### Contribute

This can only be a collaberative effort.  We ❤ [issues](https://github.com/Trinkler/alexandria/issues/new) and [pull request](https://github.com/Trinkler/alexandria/fork)!

Thanks for reading!

Commit message:

Add Melonchain to projects site

projects.md, after:

---
layout: post
title: "Projects"
author: "R. Trinkler"
permalink: /projects/
---

## Alexandria

The [Library of Alexandria](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Library_of_Alexandria) in [Alexandria, Egypt](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexandria,_Egypt "Alexandria, Egypt"), was one of the largest and most significant [libraries of the ancient world](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_libraries_in_the_ancient_world "List of libraries in the ancient world"). Alexandria was considered the capital of knowledge and learning, in part because of the Great Library. The library was part of a larger research institution called the [Musaeum of Alexandria](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Musaeum "Musaeum"), where many of the most famous thinkers of the ancient world studied.

The burning of the Library of Alexandria, including the incalculable loss of ancient works, has become a symbol of the irretrievable loss of public knowledge.

The Trinkler Github repository [Alexandria](https://github.com/Trinkler/alexandria) is an attempt to rebuild a digital version of this library for everything blockchain related.

## Melonchain

Melonchain is a domain specific [transactional singleton machine with shared-state](https://ethereum.github.io/yellowpaper/paper.pdf) or _Blockchain_.

### Melon's primary tenets

- **Usable**: Our primary goal is to build something that is _usable_. It's our responsiblity to make the complex simple. Our application has a clear focus and we require as little work from the user as possible.
- **Minimal**: We focus on one thing and one thing only: Asset Management. This however we do better than anyone else. We take the advancements of tech as they are. We don't bother with being compliant with legacy structures and institutions.
- **Robust**: We build Melon on sound economics and tech standards. We keep a well organized, clean and readable codebase; anticipate errors and avoid interuptions. As well as having no central points of failure.

Melonchain is being developped by [Trinkler Software AG](https://github.com/Trinkler/).

### Contribute

This can only be a collaberative effort.  We ❤ [issues](https://github.com/Trinkler/alexandria/issues/new) and [pull request](https://github.com/Trinkler/alexandria/fork)!

Thanks for reading!
