tools.md, before:

---
layout: post
title: "Tools"
author: "R. Trinkler"
permalink: /tools/
---

## Alexandria

The [Library of Alexandria](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Library_of_Alexandria) in [Alexandria, Egypt](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexandria,_Egypt "Alexandria, Egypt"), was one of the largest and most significant [libraries of the ancient world](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_libraries_in_the_ancient_world "List of libraries in the ancient world"). Alexandria was considered the capital of knowledge and learning, in part because of the Great Library. The library was part of a larger research institution called the [Musaeum of Alexandria](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Musaeum "Musaeum"), where many of the most famous thinkers of the ancient world studied.

The burning of the Library of Alexandria, including the incalculable loss of ancient works, has become a symbol of the irretrievable loss of public knowledge.

The Trinkler Github repository [Alexandria](https://github.com/Trinkler/alexandria) is an attempt to rebuild a digital version of this library for everything blockchain related.

### Contribute

This can only be a collaborative effort. We ❤ [issues](https://github.com/Trinkler/alexandria/issues/new) and [pull request](https://github.com/Trinkler/alexandria/fork).

## Imagewallet

_Simpler than brainwallets just as secure as regular wallets._

Imagewallets can be used to generate private and public keys and to sign transactions for all of the major blockchains such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Polkadot, Nimiq. Imagewallets are your all access key to the entire blockchain ecosystem.

On top of that Imagewallets are easy-to-use [login credentials](https://blog.colony.io/securing-local-storage-for-dapps-33dc4d52e1fd) that give you access to distributed [content-addressed](https://ipfs.io) applications.

We ❤ [issues](https://github.com/Trinkler/imagewallet/issues/new) and [pull request](https://github.com/Trinkler/imagewallet/fork).

Commit message:

Don't lose touch with reality

tools.md, after:

---
layout: post
title: "Tools"
author: "R. Trinkler"
permalink: /tools/
---

## Alexandria

The [Library of Alexandria](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Library_of_Alexandria) in [Alexandria, Egypt](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexandria,_Egypt "Alexandria, Egypt"), was one of the largest and most significant [libraries of the ancient world](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_libraries_in_the_ancient_world "List of libraries in the ancient world"). Alexandria was considered the capital of knowledge and learning, in part because of the Great Library. The library was part of a larger research institution called the [Musaeum of Alexandria](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Musaeum "Musaeum"), where many of the most famous thinkers of the ancient world studied.

The burning of the Library of Alexandria, including the incalculable loss of ancient works, has become a symbol of the irretrievable loss of public knowledge.

The Trinkler Github repository [Alexandria](https://github.com/Trinkler/alexandria) is an attempt to rebuild a digital version of this library for everything blockchain related.

Alexandria can only be a collaborative effort. We ❤ [issues](https://github.com/Trinkler/alexandria/issues/new) and [pull requests](https://github.com/Trinkler/alexandria/fork).

## Imagewallet

_A custodian file that is simpler than [brainwallets](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Brainwallet) and can be used for the entire blockchain ecosystem._

Imagewallets can be used to generate private and public keys and to sign transactions for all of the major blockchains such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Polkadot, Nimiq. Imagewallets are your all access key to the entire blockchain ecosystem.

On top of that Imagewallets are easy-to-use [login credentials](https://blog.colony.io/securing-local-storage-for-dapps-33dc4d52e1fd) that give you access to distributed [content-addressed](https://ipfs.io) applications.

Add your own design. We ❤ [issues](https://github.com/Trinkler/imagewallet/issues/new) and [pull requests](https://github.com/Trinkler/imagewallet/fork).

## Inter alia

Many more tools are in the pipeline. Follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/trinkler_sw) or join us on [Discord](https://discord.gg/Te7sWv3) to not [lose touch with reality](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UYfh9YhUVdE).
